So what I wanna do now is I have all
these images with nice pictures and
all that kind of stuff.
I'd like to make a nice grid.
So let's see how we would do
that really quick on results.js.
So head to results.js, and
here instead of search,
what I'm gonna put is instead of
search I'm going to put grid gap-4,
for like nice gutters between
them like nice little spacing.
And grid-cols-2.
And this might blow your mind,
but I'm just gonna save that.
And I'm gonna hop back over here.
And then all of a sudden,
everything is in a nice looking grid.
And that's really how easy it was.
Now that's just the magic of CSS grids,
right?
That's really doing
the heavy lifting here.
But getting this into the correct mode
was, as you saw, very, very simple to do.
Now you can see here, unfortunately,
my picture of Luna here is not
big enough on a bigger screen.
And you know there's some users
like me that browse at full screen.
So it'd be nice if we should have at large
screens, this should be three, right?
So I think what we can do is we
can just come back over here.
And we can say, hey, at large screens,
just do lg:grid-cols-3.
And now, At a larger screen, it's three.
But if I make it smaller,
it's gonna pop in two.
And hey, I mean, while we're at it,
let's just make this grid-cols-1.
So that at the smallest sizes,
it'll be on one.
And then we can say everything
after the small break point,
which I think by default is 640 pixels.
Which, by the way,
these are all adjustable via the theme.
I'm gonna say at the small,
we're going to do grid-cols-2.
And then everything after
the large will be grid-cols-3.
So now they come in here, two.
And then again it'll pop to one.
Pretty slick, right?
This used to be so hard to do.
I don't know if many of you have
been in the web development industry
as long as I have.
But when I was doing this at Reddit, this
took me hours and hours of messing with
the breakpoints, messing with the widths
and the floats, and that kind of stuff.
It was just a tremendous pain.
And now that we have grid,
this just becomes unbelievably easy.
Flexbox was a huge step in
the right direction, and
then grid was a huge step
further to get the right spots.
So there's more stuff on that
kind of CSS advanced usage.
So definitely check out the rest of
Frontend Masters' catalog on that.
From Jen, yeah, Jen's great.
Yeah, definitely take that from Jen.
Okay any questions about break points?
I mean, what you saw here is more or
less what it is.
You just put the name of the break
point before it, put the colon, and
then whatever style you want to
apply with that break point.
That's the whole thing.
There's small, medium, large.
There's also XL and XXL.
Those are all the break
points that ship by default.
But you're welcome to define more of
those and call them whatever you want.
When I was at Reddit,
we used to call them tall, grande,
venti, and trenta,
cuz of the Starbucks sizes.
Yeah, go ahead.
>> Does the order matter?
>> No.
>> Of the class names?
>> Well, it shouldn't, but it does.
[LAUGH] In this particular case,
if I put small afterwards, no,
it doesn't, this doesn't matter.
This will work exactly the same way,
cuz these will get applied in
the same order, so it doesn't matter.
However, what might matter
if you do text-white,
or what's a good one we could do here?
Well, let's just do it this way.
If we do grid,
I'm gonna delete these for a second.
If I have two exactly competing
class names, like grid-cols-1 and
grid-cols-3, which one wins?
Which one wins?
It's the one that's lower
on the style sheet.
And you don't know, right?
You're not gonna know which one's
gonna come lower on the style sheet.
So just make sure that you're only
applying one class of the class type,
right?
So, in my case, going back to results.
The grid-cols-3 came lower on
the style sheet than grid-cols-1.
So that one was always applied.
This one, the grid-cols-3.
But how am I supposed to know that?
Or should I know that?
You're not supposed to know that and
you should know.
So just only apply one.
In other words,
don't depend on that behavior.
That would be a bad idea
to depend on that behavior.